Back to jobs
Software Engineer, Control Plane
Remote (North America)
Apply
About Hightouch

Hightouch is an Agentic Marketing Platform powered by the industry-leading Composable CDP. With complete brand context, customer data, and performance history in one place, every marketer finally has the power to build and ship end-to-end campaigns themselves. Teams move faster, stay on brand, and get AI marketing that actually works.

Founded in 2019 and headquartered in San Francisco, Hightouch enables marketing teams to analyze performance, brainstorm ideas, and generate creative at a speed and quality that wasn't previously possible.

Named a Leader in the 2026 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Data Platforms, Hightouch is trusted by leading enterprises like Domino's, Spotify, Aritzia, Cars.com, Ramp, and PetSmart.

At Hightouch, our mission is to help our customers leverage data and AI to grow their businesses. The team is ambitious, impact-driven, efficient — and we believe humility, kindness, and compassion are essential to our success. If you're energized by velocity, obsessed with raising the bar, and want to build alongside people who care deeply about each other and our customers, we'd love to meet you.

About the Role

In the last 12-18 months, Hightouch has been adopted by larger and larger customers and enterprises. These enterprises have both high data scale as well as complex organizations with many individuals and teams using Hightouch on a daily basis. The Control Plane team focuses on building user-friendly but powerful tools and products for enterprises to efficiently onboard onto Hightouch and manage and scale their Hightouch deployments.

We’re looking to add a product-minded backend engineer to the team. The ideal candidate will be comfortable diving deep into backend, distributed systems, and asynchronous workflows and think holistically about architecture, scalability, maintainability, and reliability. We are also looking for someone with strong customer and product thinking and who feels comfortable writing and engaging with product specs.

Some of the problems we’ll be working on include:

Roles, Permissions, and Access Control: We have a flexible and powerful access control framework that allows enterprise admins to configure the right level of permissions for different groups of users and teams within their company. As Hightouch expands our product lines, the Control Plane team will also adapt and extend our access control capabilities to support that growth.
Change Management: When a customer’s underlying data model or data warehouse changes, this can have downstream impact on their Customer Studio schema, audiences, and other syncs and data pipelines. What tools can we build for admins to better manage these types of changes at scale?
Data Warehouse Performance and Costs: As customers continue to adopt Hightouch within their organizations and their usage of Hightouch grows, they’ll drive more warehouse activity and compute from Hightouch. How can we help admins better understand and optimize warehouse performance and costs as a result of Hightouch activity?

We are looking for talented, intellectually curious, and motivated individuals who are interested in tackling the problems above. This is a senior role, but we focus on impact and potential for growth more than years of experience. The salary range for this position is $180,000 - $400,000 USD per year, which is location independent in accordance with our remote-first policy. We also offer meaningful equity compensation in the form of ISO options, and offer early exercise and a 10 year post-termination exercise window.

Interview Process

Our interview process focuses on evaluating fit for the most important dimensions of the role: product sense, ability to architect backend and distributed systems, and alignment with Hightouch’s values. Notably, we don’t do any programming interviews as we believe they are low signal to noise and aren’t a good evaluation mechanism.

Recruiter Screen [30m]: Introductory call with our recruiting team to get to know each other and see if the role could be a good mutual fit.
System Design Screen [60m]: Designing a data processing feature end-to-end.
Hiring Manager Interview [30m]: Chat with hiring manager about past experiences and future operating preferences to assess fit on company values and operating principles.
System Design Interview [90m]: Work with the interviewer to architect a system at a conceptual level. The problem will be at a pretty high level - and have both product and customer requirements as well as technical.

We have limited inbound applications to one application per candidate. You will be auto-rejected if you apply to multiple roles. Please only apply to the position you are most qualified for.

E-Verify Statement

Hightouch participates in E-Verify. After you join the team, we'll verify your eligibility to work in the U.S. by submitting information from your Form I-9 to the Social Security Administration and, if needed, the Department of Homeland Security. This process happens post-hire only — we never use E-Verify to pre-screen applicants.


E-Verify Notice
E-Verify Notice (Spanish)
Right to Work Notice
Right to Work Notice (Spanish)

Create a Job Alert

Interested in building your career at Hightouch? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.

Create alert
Apply for this job

*

indicates a required field

Quick Apply with MyGreenhouse
First Name*
Last Name*
Preferred First Name
Email*
Phone
Country
Phone
Resume/CV
Attach
Attach
Dropbox
Google Drive
Enter manually
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

Cover Letter
Attach
Attach
Dropbox
Google Drive
Enter manually
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

LinkedIn Profile
Website
Are you authorized to work for any employer in the U.S?*
Select...
Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status? *
Select...
Submit application

Powered by